[Fundamentals] Account security section (#4579)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/create-tunnel/index.md

| Before you start                                                                                                                                |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 1. [Add a website to Cloudflare](/fundamentals/get-started/setup/account-setup/create-account/) |

Author: ```suggestion
| 1. [Add a website to Cloudflare](/fundamentals/get-started/setup/add-site/) |
```
